# CS330-VISUALIZATION-GRAPHICS


I approach designing software by understanding the client's needs or overall ambition, creating the roughest version of a program that fulfills the requirements as a framework, and expanding upon the application to fulfill higher level functionalities after the lower level work is in place. For this project, I established patterns and organization for how to approach drawing objects and orienting them. I made an effort to keep the headers clean and organized and to do the same for my classes. In my future work for school and in my profession it is my intention to stay organized and plan ahead. Some new development strategies I used was thinking ahead about how things would look graphically. I've never done graphical applications before, so this was new. Plotting by primitives and being cautious about my object groupings helped a great deal in delivering a decent product. Iteration was also heavily employed throughout the entire process; Trial and error was used for positioning, texturing, rotations especially, as well as setting colors and adjusting the light values. Throughout each milestone, my methods for working on the project evolved; I learned to delve into the project's files and into other projects for reference and to understand the libraries I was interfacing with. This course was a major one in my software engineering development both in my education and as a professional. I've always been intimidated by graphics, so this was actually one of the topics that I decided I needed to take a college education for. OpenGL, while fickle and difficult, has become significantly more manageable. I understand camera movements, keybinding, drawing frames, and other means of interfacing with OpenGL (lighting and rendering are within reach) far better than I would have been able to teach myself independently. I hope to give this knowledge application as I build better applications and as I go into producing my own software. I want to create a more intuitive competitor to Blender, because I think it is garbage. This helps me directly in understanding 3D modeling through primitives and how to interface with OpenGL to render as I want things to be on the screen. 
